use credential settings for release repo access (#5952)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/How-To-Guides/Releasing/_Personal-Access-Token.rst

Save your GitHub username and PAT to a new file called ``~/.config/bloom``, with the format below:

.. code-block:: text
Configure in your `~/.gitconfig` that your GitHub account and PAT are used for all release repositories under https://github.com/ros2-gbp:

.. code-block:: ini

    [credential "https://github.com/ros2-gbp"]
        username = x-access-token
        helper = "!f() { test \"$1\" = get && echo \"password=<token-you-created-for-bloom>\"; }; f"

You can additionally use different GitHub accounts and PATs for different release repos:

.. code-block:: ini

   {
      "github_user": "<your-github-username>",
      "oauth_token": "<token-you-created-for-bloom>"

>    }

Reviewer: Why are you removing this example? It's still needed for Bloom to authenticate with the GitHub API and open the rosdistro pull request.

Author: Sorry, you are right. Do you think it would be possible to extract that token from the git configuration? Otherwise, I will adjust this change. Could you, for the time being, start the CI so I can check that everything is alright from this side?

Reviewer: We could maybe change Bloom to do that, but I personally use SSH for GitHub transport, so there are no tokens in my `.gitconfig` at all. I believe most of the core dev team uses SSH as well.

Reviewer 2: > We could maybe change Bloom to do that,

➕ 1

Author: I reverted that for the time being.

      "github_user": "<your-github-username>",
      "oauth_token": "<token-you-created-for-bloom>"
   }

> Configure in your ``~/.gitconfig`` that your GitHub account and PAT are used for all release repositories under https://github.com/ros2-gbp:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Configure in your ``~/.gitconfig`` that your GitHub account and PAT are used for all release repositories under `ros2-gbp <https://github.com/ros2-gbp>`_:
```

.. code-block:: ini

    [credential "https://github.com/ros2-gbp"]
        username = x-access-token
        helper = "!f() { test \"$1\" = get && echo \"password=<token-you-created-for-bloom>\"; }; f"

> You can additionally use different GitHub accounts and PATs for different release repos:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can additionally use different GitHub accounts and PATs for individual release repositories:
```
